gentlemen
another question something quite
interesting ok that has happened in
Marbella by and that is that both of Adam Angel
or rather how the hell can a person still bathe what does
that person have to do
to win it does not have to be something
like super serious it does not have to be the
host of serious for it to be a friend
of your series
for it to be a tube friend of your
series that cannot play with you I am
really freaking out I am freaking out but you know what
is the worst you know what is the worst they have been
sending me now in private
that now we will open it later when
we see this more than they have banned
more people for nonsense the jack jumps and
this one varies the people according to their
criteria okay around he does not invite him
because he wanted to avoid the salsero because I was
dying gold they had a move but
nevertheless he has coco who gets along
with juán guarnizo okay and cojo
has videos against a play
too this one cares he is a fake we
already demonstrated it here it was totally
exposed you wish okay he is a fake who
does not go straight he only wants
get close to people to
absorb them and a little bit okay and what
happens when you don't go straight ahead is that the
mind realizes its falsehood ballet
let's see what happened with mangel and
what has been so serious for what is it worth
but of course one I'm going to ask you to
subscribe to this channel
javi el canino we are already on the way to
200,000 subscribers okay subscribe
two that you subscribe to my
main channel hub and oliveira the king of
salsa ok let's see what happens let's see
what happens because I am with my image
no or no but no more to my tweet what
does
[Laughs]
you get hot tve
car
but why not leave the garage already
but because I will not leave it the garage and
even or rather as far as I would have left it
on the radio it was valid for me because in
reality you can do this in
real life that the crazy [ __ ] is there is
another thing but you can do it you can
enter through the door or not but pear
but in the one who drives
no no here I could have left the
car here and that's it
but they already set up the elevator it has
thrown mamis oh what to do
if it's a game karime to see is that the
role the role you have to take it seriously let's
see what more than handling it I would
put a punishment on people
like the strikes not for things like that no
really moment of joke a moment 8
strange yes you will see that the role eo of rolle
or you have to be as if it were real life
you can't take and put your car in
the elevator and have the car appear there
in the middle of the hallway okay and I don't read it and
reread it as if it were real life you don't have to
take everything seriously yes it's
true that it's a [ __ ] half a
joke
jr thank you very much welcome
then what I would do here would be to
put like a kind of strike it has
a fault maybe hair pin thank you very much
to the best a ban of two or
three days you know the third out
and you get hot tve
so that the car
help
the distance between mangel
and rubios and distance is known ok but
seriously it's simply because each one
has his girlfriend has not returned more of
this life sons of [ __ ]
these bans  bans these guys
if it was just the car thing but this
pan this and nothing
if you're not going to take the series seriously don't
play don't enter the guitar
yeah [ __ ] with the guitar through
the eyes of the story that the guitar
is too much I
was saying tired of the car well
but there's the ban
even the car well because it's what I'm
telling you it's supposed to be in real life
and that great story
in a critical way
every time I take out the guitar it gets screwed
every time this quality to humanity
entity can't be this they
never collaborate on tweets or mention each other
or anything
yes it's true but we don't know if it's
because of some problem simply life
the reason has not been specified
I'll see
and if you start passing your hand over
[Music]
in the end everyone does what they want
in the rodeo
that he wanted to well yes maybe he
wants to in fact he didn't really want to
put it in but it's not that it's
going to be he's not going to make it
clear god since it's going to be he's not going to
deny it what they
think
Rubio does stop talking to Marcelo have
contact for almost a year and it seems
that nobody says anything let's see because we don't
know
why he was shot
I hope it was already here for example I
say to myself I'm here I'm
good vibes I don't know
with good vibes
geek is on the guitar that is
messing with us in the story you are not making
the series you have thrown yourself there since he
put the car in the hospital he assumes
the blue elevator to the roof you will be able to
look it is punishable and that in 26 as a
dog speaks and becomes human no it
is not the same god it is not the same
carmen it is not the same
but you have in the 4000 there would not be two and
what way or he did not go to he is old a
dog that understands what humans say he
is a piece of character but I have already
done that I have
had it like the car thing I
would have been shots and ear but already take
that jump to start throwing tennis
and that's it
makes that comment here they have
shot me no
not
from a video
because here they have
shot me kids
man I see it pleasure no
Ivan high on acid and the lcd
well this would be a good
justification
more he was already planned and was
playing  right now
but surely because of the crying of the
people no, let's
see it's that I don't understand then there are
rules or there are no rules let's see what happens
here
the problem has been is that I also did not
read when he is surrounding with the whole
world he shows so much okay yes that's true that
my role that my role is a little they can
something that yes that is true that is clear I
recognize it I know that many have done they have made
the hype badass they have done
stupid things they have done things but of course not the
same as me being for example with the
display and the two okay with a friend in
the role that we are the thing is that
sometimes I think of one eye only to xxvi has
responded speaking literally and
then they laugh and say that it was a mistake
that it was a mistake
5 in the morning at 6 I say well they are
like international waters that you can
do everything here and I say well I do it
that they have not really fired me for
making a fool of myself you know that if I am for
example a person who wants to do it
with me the egg knows well understand that
the 17 with a friend
surrounding and we make the egg that
nothing happens now if someone makes a fool of himself with
someone that I love  fix the serious
because when I entered the problem understand
that you can be an idiot you can
do stupid things as soon as it is
true that I have seen all the crime that
has entered the casino with the motorcycles that
it endured but let's go that if it affects the role
of another then yes it is true that they can
tell you hey such the thing is because the
policeman was part of the
admin staff and I alone did not know what to say that
the guitar is not here either maybe
this tombstone now I know that I wanted to fix it
well and it is true that if he has put me in
outside it is not known he has put me in animal
left here
I started to write and I do not see it
really I say it I forget about him I
forget to read it then it makes it be more he
told me by this
vargas than what I have said I am
really they have come to tell me well so do
not read it seriously about your channel what
composed again to yours you understand up
to date there is a good one and that I
understand what I did not want to send him there
yes it is true that port and cl
insulted they
have banned him for messing with a
policeman who is a member of  staff not for
bringing the car in and in fact since he brought
a motorcycle into the casino and Rubio started
flying with the bike
so what he then got into
with a police officer from the staff because I
also said outside I
said to [ __ ] around is that he's taken I know
we're alone here he's bored so so
nothing happens that he does these
things yes it's true that what the
guy sees me is part of the staff and
then he said he wanted to surround them and I passed I didn't
know I wasn't aware but
when he got into it with the police here in
the click that you sent me it
will be the guitar
[Laughs]
yeah [ __ ] already with the guitar through
the deposits the story of the guitar
we have seen when the
police get involved since we arrived in the state the
guitar it's true that yes it's good
that I put it to you more like rags it's
wrong but maybe it was taken badly that
I really wasn't insulting the one who was
directly insulted the police
but I continue you know that you don't understand me
because that that for my part I
apologized if I angered someone who is
my intention to leave but if someone
wants to hurt someone me  understand
that no that no that no that it does not address
anyone or anyone
and I had a chat that
hello can I spam here haha ​​greetings
tony gwynn thanks bastard thank you very much I
will do wing michu react to
javi's debate what a
certain way to the debate that
jaime oliveira himself recently had
with jacques and the supposed ex friend of
giving the review that in the end the
one of the terms denying it
saying who were not friends or
absolutely anything that they simply
spoke to each other a little and that was it the fact
is that after that debate well since he made
a tweet in which he said otherwise I really do
not think I will get closer to that world read I
have loaded a lot thanks to everyone for
the messages I really love you all to
what felipe 360 ​​responds I have no [ __ ] idea
what happened nor am I interested I only
came to block all this already
felipe or the complete south of sano do
not say I have no [ __ ] idea what is happening nor am
I interested because if they do not know what
happened nor are you interested how do you know what you
want to block the people who are
quoting that tweet  no it doesn't make sense it doesn't make
sense he knows what it's about
Felipe went to that tweet because he knows it's
about [ __ ] Felipe is terrible those
who have leaked this and puts this
image which says there is nothing to see
here for now and then in the same way
Luismi suckers and looked by chance
and what a pleasure I have not nor need there
is nothing to see here for now and I
will do it put the same thing again there is nothing
to see for now man but
these people when are they going to stop being
aware of things and the movement
well they were aware of all this
but really they put these by the hand of
khyber but now in Etna I am
interested in knowing nothing about this but well they are
there on twitter checking
absolutely what is happening
well they know it true that they pretend that there is
no but if here on this
channel not even good michu is mentioned yes
because recently it was the wifi thing
otherwise but I will do it I will do it so that it
comes out here on the channel maybe
nobody talks about her anymore shame or anything it has
been a long time since there was any movement with
her but no  I understand, I
don't understand why, because they're
looking after our things,
he wanted to go free, to be a free soul
in this sport
only inside
where more
[Music]
is very ugly
but really not having won the
battle
for this, for these insults or for those who
handle it, this would be anti-roll
because, I mean, if your character starts to
broadcast with the police, that's done, don't
be many criminals in that, no, when
they are arrested, the police file everything, the
son of a [ __ ], not
horny,
facts have been done because variable
because he is messing with him, really, he
is not messing with him in the game, not
with the person who is behind the
character of the police, no
why, man, why are you doing it, why are you doing it, what are you doing? It's
closed,
stay still, go on, what does it mean? Have
another turn
and in another turn, protest
[Applause] Let's
see, he's joking, but I understand what's
right, don't let me forget, don't let me forget, he's
joking, but this could be the
behavior of many criminals, the
police station is being
detained, not that I'm going to tell him, hey,
don't be offended, I don't know that for now that
tells us  that's not the policeman is part of the
staff he's part of the administrator of the
miation he wanted to
surround me at that moment it's also a
chase I heard then later he came back
for him I say I'm young it's five in the
morning in my head I think they're like
international waters where you can
do things obviously those things I wouldn't
do it 8 in the evening to 9 such but yes
maybe person
5 has failed of sins they looked
thoughtful and that's how it is it's a dictatorship euro nor
perch they killed there here and they threw him into the
river and nothing happened of
course but he's not going to throw him out of Marbella
vice it's clear that it's not true
aurum play in the car not in a car it
's not the image that's circulating around on
twitter of the car falling into the water
if you with a real friend of course I couldn't I couldn't
take out the guitar I
couldn't take out the guitar why because he
has his hands and we do we are in the one
that they are contributing to us both together
we are both at the same
good morning handsome you don't have to
apologize for anything red heart your
mental health above all a kiss 3 I
don't want to ally the filth that the
nonsense
but until now  not
for this but not to leave this
because the police will
easily find out about this to
blame the policeman
the box on the left of the text environment
and that is not at the price that
probably returns to bad life but if
not we walk a little more and you'll see how
things go those who remain like that continue
ahead and be a place where we can't
say what plan is that
Paulo has to depose the cable
because it says these guys are crazy
you're crazy let's see
[Music]
but of those who were close and they don't even
look at each other
yes surely in the 200 people that are
there it's sure to be a lot that
big fifth already you go telling how you are
going to report Lety or rather we are going to be
pending we have been freaking out
but well look we coincide in
precisely although this week
more things are coming to him I can't talk about it
until it reaches him but I'm
looking forward to it I'm going to explode until I tell it you
know so several things are going to coincide
but let's see you have and you go through
life well life on the internet in the
end what there is he has been warned and he
continues no no it's that if it is  what he did to you
you and I, we're going to be freaking out I
mean, how do you not hold back, let's see, I think you do
n't hold back because you think
nothing's going to happen to you but anyway, when what's coming to him
comes to him, well
I imagine
that he knows
something, something will go off some alarm but anyway,
we're up to date okay I
sent the song you were
looking for by email
Gonzã thanks a lot man I
appreciate it although we can't find it anymore
we found it in the end a little secret
that we're going right there we're going to finish
well I'll show you one more thing and then we're
going but no don't pay attention to
one thing
declared the police [ __ ] listen
to me Miguelito listen to me
Miguelito
[ __ ] listen
let's cut this off here good people
make you expire I'm
going to cut it off he's here because because
better administrative
friend who
after this well Markel knew
that he was going to be banned because gosh the
police kept tailing and he
realized that indeed he
wasn't surrounding which is why he could be
bathed and that's how this wine was being bathed
Mr. Angel from server from Marbella
bites by jacques left does not follow it is
about
but the boss here and there of this and
the first one who agrees with no no no no no no
but pear
[Music]
no more to me has put on top of hesitation
that I did not do what I wanted to
do what I did they were not going to
handle it because because his of those colleagues
no and then I want to show that they have
sent me the mind by private that
apparently they have banned another one you
are telling me for a silly thing well
let's see if it is true
that it is so silly or not
let's see if it is so silly or not but
because here there are things that you cannot see
in the private conversation it
turns out that they have expelled agustín
angry let's
see at minute 4 36 of this video
account of form and of adelita
account of form and of adelita and that one has
like an old email a lot of tap
something me
well now we are looking these
last two days that I tried to play the play
basically I was going here okay
well this cannot be taught I think
so but I think that if I do not go to
Marbella vice okay and normally  I'm going to
play it and it would be okay well look what was
happening to me look what was happening to me
guys look look look look so you can
see nothing has helped me and it's going to be
very very variable
oh I can't get out of this ban
so it jumped to me like I needed
a previous game because the server uses
content called pending
review you see the fact that it comes out and
pending television reviewer
means
pending review I get 2
see if you can enter
meshal injured like before
okay then guys that's what
came out to me pending review well
normal normal it shouldn't say pending
permeaban I should put there what the
[ __ ] television or [ __ ] I
should have gone to hell in fact
if it weren't Agustín 51 if it weren't
buddy and all and I didn't understand my
situation or the best the good thing is that I
also tell you
my situation quite understandably, I mean the people who
have tried to explain it a little bit
above it's like they understood me but at
the same time my skull as a listener lacks a
degree of maturity not to say there at that
moment  well I stop and such is that he is
absolutely right it is nothing as if he had
surrounded that well to begin with without taking
advantage of the two policies then
once the two police officers are run over as if he
had surrounded point number one well
you stop having it for the police officer that
comes because it is no matter how absurd it may
seem to you that the guy just flew through the
air and is running
after you without crutches or anything
running and shooting without missing
bullets no matter how strange it may seem to you no matter how
absurd you stop having it you stop
having it because it is the most mature thing to do because
if you adapt and if they are separating you
with a gun in hand in hand if they are
shooting from a [ __ ] gun just like
he has a [ __ ] ghost
that just came out of a grave it does not matter
freak out and so raise your hands the same
should be done I stay quiet
raised my hands and say ok we will not
leave it too rushed I do not know what
or any [ __ ] let's see and then
out of role to have communicated it
in front of all the administrators and
give well they are
little things they are not little things for which
with which  be careful and
finally here man let's see
from what you see here we don't
care much about the fact that he's a
youtuber or anything
neither him nor the followers nor the streamers
but they're hitting everyone they
consider worthy and that's what happens
okay so they ca
n't oppose until nine they can't
take it away what's up I know
a [ __ ] but we can't
restart the server now agustín did
something wrong and he got a ban for
a few days and supposedly I'm only going to
but aside
that agustín alegres and agustín alegre
what exactly is it for knowing
nothing I ask him to leave or rather he started
saying what
roy I hope you die if not I
think the
character he's saying it to who seems to seem like he
was saying it let's go
directly then let's see it was a little
ugly but I understand that yes man how it
goes if it's to someone else let's see
but you don't know he knows I mean
thank you very much welcome to it was he the one who
said a lot of bad that has been done the
gypsies are very much like that no but I hope he
was dead I mean he couldn't speak and
give them  each neighbor like cee and also
began to run over people and that
but well that's why you don't believe it
because it's a warning and all but it's that
more than anything to know what not to
do you know what good well let's
see as long as they carry the
while they have the same line
when deciding whether to ban or not to bale
while living in the same line with
one as much as with the other or rather
the same as if one is that one is
not going to fall for those things because of course
one sees many thanks welcome hey hey hey
put the followers
subscribers that say
from 300 soles to about 300 subscribers
guys
300 subscribers
this is very good we are my more than
1000 viewers and I this is very
good this is very good this is very
good thanks guys who has now been
around for many months auron surrounding
then euros knows how to surround like that I get in
I'm sure that I would load it and do things
out of role and would not fall for example in
what they are saying about the police
okay me the rest he would not do it because
otherwise it was born already in a plan of little shame
of Torró I to the most fashionable to the
police yes but to put that if the
guitar aggressions of going to put the
car of salt what they implied to me is
that you have when you are surrounding
you have to do things well of course
Marbella by no I am not going to enter but
well the best day tomorrow
next year they make another server in which it is not already
here and someone invites me okay
but well the thing is that you have to
do things that would not happen in real life
so if a policeman is
chasing you hitting you I shoot you are not going to
take it and you are going to keep running aiming
at the moment that he is aiming at you I will
see it with the subject at the moment that
someone is aiming at you you stop
by logic no then those are things that
I think I would
not fall into like ah okay then okay Caribbean then that goes outside of the short extract of this me for example I would not stop thinking I bet you no me if it seems to me the police are shooting I would keep running because I would not fall into that in
real life time I don't know there is that there  that
concentrating a lot on the games also I
also say it then it's okay that they
give you a touch it's okay that they
asked you for a touch so that you know what you
can do what you can't so that you
learn no in the end you have to
learn play what you have the
same measuring stick with everyone I say
that they are not going to kick you out no matter what you do I
also do not think that anyone would fall
anything bad because he has hit a
lot many months surrounding himself with people who
know flint like that in the live shows it is
for the members both on one side and the
other those who are members enjoy the
live show 300 with subscribers 1,100
viewers kids we are we
are reaching the level of the clash I
think the clash is going to have to move
away I think the clash is going to have to leave
leaving space